Overall Page Design

    Use a newspaper (frontpage) as the inspiration. 

    Start with a nice big fancy title (old english font perhaps)

    Follow by an info bar that includes timer, indicator of being logged in, 
    and general controls. bracket with a line above and below.

    Main Content area consisting of Puzzle, Clues, and Instructions. 

    Footer for any copyright acknowledgements. 

Puzzle

    Classic look (full table) with non-used boxes blacked out.

    Numbers at beginning of words, small and in upper left hand corner. Numbers correspond to clues.

    Clues in two lists (across and down) formatted like block newspaper articles.

    Instructions formatted like an article. 

User Interface Design

    Logged in indicator should also have log out option, being logged out gives you a log in option. (button)

    General controls are in dropdown and include save game, pause game, give up game, load game. 

    Puzzle boxes
        - clicking on a box that is numbered highlights the box and the corresponding clue (across default)
        - clicking on a box a second time will highlight the corresponding down clue if any
        - arrow keys move the highlighted box around updating the hightlighted clue without changing any 
        existing guessed letters. 
        - typing a letter when a box is highlighted moves the highlight in the direction of the highlighted clue
        until the end of the word box is encountered then it simply unhighlights all boxes.
        - typing a space on a box will remove any guessed letters. 
        - when the last letter is placed check the puzzle and if it is solved highlight the puzzle, stop 
        the clock, save the score, and congratulate the gamer. If it is not solved correctly let them continue.

    Clue lists
        - clicking on a clue will highlight the first letter box for that word and set the orientation of the 
        guess, it also highlights the clue.


Generating a Puzzle Steps

1) create an empty puzzle array 2D based on size of puzzle \
    board (e1: number for word starts (0), e2: letter 
    assigned (NOLETTER) ) and 2 empty clue lists

Do the following NUMWORDS times:

    2) Grab a random word that is no longer than the puzzle MAXWIDTH

    3) Find a place where this word fits respecting words already placed
    (words can only overlap where the share a letter 
    and there must be a space after a word before the next word
    orientation should check horizontal first then vertical. )

    4) If spot found
        WRAP IN FUNCTION - addWord() 
        a) add number for word start if not already numbered.
        b) increment the next new number value by 1.
        c) put the clue into the appropriate clue list by the start number.
        d) put the letters for the word into the puzzle array.

        increment number of words chosen for loop end condition

        else 
        
        go back to step 2

End of word placement loop.

5) Display the puzzle unfilled.

6) display the clue lists.

7) activate the play puzzle code.